 Helpful information for Fandy and Rob’s Wedding 
 Contents  Agenda Gifts Accomodation and transport Important places Important people Things to do in Weston  We appreciate it's a long way to travel for many people, takes time, and money, so if there’s anything we can do, let us know - we’re genuinely happy to help if we can :)    Agenda  We’ll update this in the future, but here’s the details for now:  The Wedding reception is happening on 12th June 2026 at 14:00pm-22:30pm at  rent House Restaurant, TA9 4HL.  We’re sure to drink some drinks, eat some food and generally have a good time.        Accomodation and transport   rent House is in the Somerset countryside, situated on the A38, just off the M5. The best place to stay the night is one of the nearest towns, Weston-super-mare. It has lots of old  & s, seaside hotels and even a Premier inn - I’ve listed some of these places a little further down the page.   Weston has a train station with good connections. Getting to  rent House from Weston is only practically possible by car - it’s about a 13min journey. Weston has a local taxi service, Apple Taxis that might be helpful. And there’s plenty of parking at  rent House available for everyone!     Here’s a list of places you might want to stay in Weston:  ●
 Travel Lodge ●
 Premier Inns: ○
 one by the beach; ○
 one by a really great leisure centre. ●
 There are also lots of  & s and Sea-side hotels you can find online too!  Alternative location outside of Weston: ●
 The Grange  rent Knoll - This is in the nearest accommodation to  rent house and also situated on the A38 about 0.6 miles from  rent House. Possible to walk (about 15 mins) but probably best to organise a taxi. ●
 The Fox & Goose - This is also in the countryside about 1 mile from  rent House situated on the A38. Some family members have been known to walk to  rent House from there in the past, but it's not for the faint hearted.    Important places   ????????    rent House  rent House Carvery East  rent TA9 4HL    Important people Rob  Email: robnicolaides@gmail.com  Mobile Number: +447896015498 Fandy  Email: fandy8311@gmail.com  Mobile Number: +447460730883 Max (Rob’s  rother and  est Man)   Mobile: +447800710214 Alex (Rob’s Cousin and  est Man)   Mobile: +44 7858 514613    Things to do in Somerset  Weston has a nice beach with some family activities, including adventure playgrounds and the Grand Pier.   Weston has an interesting local historical museum near the town centre. There’s also a cool helicopter museum further out of town.  There are some nice routes for walks in nature in Weston: you might want to check out Sandbay, Uphill Castle, and Worlebury Woods.   There is also the nearby village of Cheddar, home of the famous cheese. It’s got some really beautiful places to walk to.      There’s a great sports facility centre in Weston called Hutton Moor. It’s got a nice gym, lots of facilities for racket sports and a big swimming pool.      Gifts   We genuinely just want our guests to be with us, on the day, to celebrate, so please do not feel obligated to give us any form of gift. However, if you do contribute a gift, we would be honoured, and that would be warmly received. On the day, we  will have physical Red Envelopes as a means to accept cash or cheques, as is tradition in Taiwan.      